first draft for the setup (#35)
NBISweden/urdr: README.md

# urdr

Timelogging system of NBIS

# Miro board

https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVOVRByuw=/

# Team project in Figma

https://www.figma.com/file/Bf2OgUIIqRBMUREMuVcxs9/draft?node-id=0%3A1

# Installing redmine

In order to install redmine, please run:

```
git clone https://github.com/NBISweden/ops-redmine
cd ops-redmine
```

> Then follow the instructions in the project´s README.md.

Reviewer: Fix apostrophe and markup:

```suggestion
Then follow the instructions in the project's `README.md` file.
```
